Added some preliminary docs (#7)
Shopify/mybench: docs/introduction.rst

* **Workload parallelization**: a single workload can be parallelized into multiple
  goroutines, each with its own connection and rate controller.
* **Workload mixing**: multiple workloads can be mixed with arbitrary ratios
  and run as a single benchmark. Data are collected from each workload
  individually can be visualized either in aggregate or individually.
* **Real-time monitoring UI**: mybench exposes a web interface that plots the
  throughput and latency time series while the benchmark is running in
  real-time. This enables faster feedback loop for writing and validating
  benchmarks.
* **SQLite-based data logging**: mybench writes the throughput and latency time
  series into a SQLite database. Multiple benchmark runs can share the same
  database file. The standard and single-file approach to data logging allows
  for better interoperability with other tools as well as for easier data
  sharing.
* **Post-processing scripts**: mybench includes a set of scripts that creates
  standard visualizations with the data logged in the SQLite database file.
  Multiple benchmark runs can be compared with these scripts.

> * **Random data generator with existing data sampling**: mybench includes a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Data generators with data sampling**: mybench includes a
```
